Refactor to remove AuthenticatedContext and pass client to query functions (#25)
fragment-dev/fragment-go: README.md

## Usage

> To start issuing queries, you'll first need to create a client with credentials. You can generate credentials using the Fragment [dashboard](https://dashboard.fragment.dev/go/s/api-clients).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start issuing queries, you'll first need to create a client with the API credentials. You can generate credentials using the Fragment [dashboard](https://dashboard.fragment.dev/go/s/api-clients).
```

    // Set the name since it's not on the JSON object
    schemaInput.Name = &schemaInput.Key
    
    response, _ := queries.StoreSchema(context.Background(), graphqlClient, schemaInput)
}
```

## Upgrading SDK Versions
### Changes from v2.0.0 to v3.0.0

- Removed `AuthenticatedContext` and replaced it with `client.NewClient()`
- Token management is now handled by the client
- The client and a generic `context.Context` are now passed to each query

> With this change, the SDK now conforms to Go standards regarding now to use a context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change, the SDK now conforms to the Go standards around context usage.
```
